Where do you start the movie? I think it’s actually - and very interesting question - but I think the start was standing on top of the escalator at Trump Tower on June 16, which is the day - Bob, you were there, and you know what I mean, because there has. . . . I mean, it looked like the Academy Awards. I talk about it. There were so many cameras. So many - it was packed. The atrium of Trump Tower, which is a very big place, was packed. It literally looked like the Academy Awards. And . . .  .
  Before that? Okay, because that was really . . .  .
Well, but that was - okay, but I will tell you, until the very end. . . . You know, I have a good life. I built a great company. It’s been amazingly - I’m sure you looked at the numbers. I have very little debt, tremendous assets. And great cash flows. I have a wonderful family. Ivanka just had a baby. Doing this is not the easiest thing in the world to do. People have - many of my friends, very successful people, have said, "Why would you do this?"
Yeah. I would really say it was at the beginning of last year, like in January of last year. And there were a couple of times. One was, I was doing a lot of deals. I was looking at very seriously one time, not - they say, oh, he looked at it for many - I really, no. I made a speech at the end of the '80s in New Hampshire, but it was really a speech that was, it was not a political speech. But because it happened to be in New Hampshire . . .  .
And he was a very nice guy. But he asked me. And he was so intent, and I made a speech. It was not a political speech, anyway, and I forgot about it.
Well no, the real possibility was the Romney time, or the Romney term. This last one four years ago. I looked at that, really. I never looked at it seriously then. I was building my business, I was doing well. And I went up to New Hampshire, made a speech. And because it was in New Hampshire, it was sort of like, Trump is going to run. And since then people have said, Trump is going to run. I never was interested. I could almost say at all, gave it very little thought, other than the last time, where Romney was running. And I thought that Romney was a weak candidate. I thought that - I thought Obama was very beatable. Very, very beatable. You know, you had a president who was not doing well, to put it nicely. And I looked at that very seriously. I had some difficulty because I was doing some big jobs that were finishing up, which I wanted to do. My children were younger. And four years makes a big difference. And I also had a signed contract to do "The Apprentice" with NBC. Which in all fairness, you know, sounds like - when you’re talking about “president” it doesn’t sound much, but when you have a two-hour show, prime time, every once a week on a major network . . .  .
 So - okay.
Okay.
 Big decision. Yeah, this is a big decision. And I say, sometimes I’ll say it in the speeches. It takes guts to run for president, especially if you’re not a politician, you’ve never . . .  .
What happened is, during that time that I was just talking about, I started saying I’d like to do it, but I wasn’t really in a position to do it. I was doing a lot of things, and I had a signed contract with NBC. But I started thinking about it. And the press started putting me in polls, and I was winning in the polls. In fact, the day before, I was on "Meet the Press" the day before I announced I wasn’t going to do it, and I got signed for another two years of "The Apprentice" and everything else. Which, by the way, I don’t know if you saw, but "The Apprentice" is a big thing. I made two hundred . . .  .
Yeah. You were shocked. Remember this crazy man, Lawrence O’Donnell - he’s a total crazy nut - he said, Donald Trump only made a million dollars with "The Apprentice." I said, "A million dollars?" You know, when you have a show that’s essentially number one almost every time it goes on, you can name it. . . . So anyway, when they added it all up - and these are certified numbers, because you have to do certified numbers - it came out to $213 million. Okay? That’s what I made on "The Apprentice." That’s just - and that’s one of my small things. That’s what I made. You know? So it was put at $213 million, and it was certified. And your friend Joe in the morning said, "There’s no way he only made. . . ." They had a big fight, and O’Donnell, Lawrence O’Donnell started crying. I never saw anything like it. Do you remember? He started crying. [Laughter] He actually started crying. But that shows the level of hatred that people have. But what happened is, I made - I had a very, very successful show. And they put me in polls, and I was essentially leading right at the top, without doing any work. Not one speech, not one anything. But any time I was in a poll, I did very well in the poll. Anyway, I decided not to do it. NBC called and Mark Burnett would call, and I did see if I could get out. I had another year on the contract. Because you’re not allowed, because of the equal time, you’re not allowed to have a show . . .  .
Well, that’s what - I mean. . . . Between 2011 and 2014? I would say, just thought process. Only thought process.
 Yeah, I mean, I was doing - but in terms of this, only thought process. So what happened, but during this period of time, I said, you know, this is something I really would like to do. I think I’d do it really well. Obviously the public seems to like me, because without any . . .  .
To myself.
To my family, but to myself.
   Yeah, to myself, and . . .  .
This is thought process. And I’m saying to myself, you know, look, they put me in these polls. I’m number one. In fact, I said, I’m probably the only person ever to announce I’m not going to run for president when I’m number one in the polls. Because I remember the week that I announced that I wasn’t going to run and that I was going to - that basically NBC extended me for quite a period of time. And the week . . .  . Oh, this is my son Don. Bob and Bob.
: I know. At least I know one Bob. How are you?
So during - and I spoke to Don, I spoke to my children about it. But during this period of time, I said, you know, I think I could probably do very well if I did it. But I didn’t do it because of contractual obligations, because I was finishing up things. Actually, this is one of the things right now. This started afterward. This started, we’re actually a year and a half ahead of schedule and under budget on this hotel. So what happened, Bob, what happened is . . .  . But during this period, I started really thinking during this period of time. And then Romney was a very, very failed and flawed candidate. He did a very poor job. Because I always felt that was a race that should’ve been won. I think in many respects that’s an easier race than the race you have now. And Romney did a poor job. And we all go back to work. Then about a year before June 16 - that’s the day that I announced - I started really thinking about it very, very strongly. But the show continued to do very well. You know, 14 seasons, that’s a long time. But it continued to do very well.
Well, I’ll tell you a moment.
I’ll tell you a moment when it kicked to yes. Because it was a monetary moment also. So you saw that it made a lot of money because it was certified. Now it’s much more, because I also have a big chunk of the show. We chose Arnold Schwarzenegger to take my place. Okay? And hopefully Arnold will do well; who knows? But there was a moment in, I would say, February of last year, so that would be four months, three, four months before I announced, when Steve Burke, great guy, of Comcast - the head - came to see me with the top people at NBC. And they wanted to extend my contract. And I said, "Steve, I think that I am going to run for president. And if I do that, I’m not allowed to have a show." In fact, when I did "Saturday Night Live" recently, it was a whole big deal. I’m not allowed to be on, and they actually had to give certain periods of time to other candidates that were running. It was a whole big . . .  . So. I disagree with the equal time provisions. I think they’re very unfair. But nevertheless, you have them. So I said, "Steve, I can’t have a show if I run. I can’t be having a show, so I’m not going to run." He says, "No, no, no, you’re going to do it." I said, "Steve, I’m going to." And they actually went to the upfronts and they announced that "The Apprentice" - in fact, you had a problem with it, because you were hearing that I was going to run, and then they announce that they’re going to renew "The Apprentice" with Donald Trump. And I remember he called one of my people, maybe Hope. But he called one of my people and said, "Wait a minute, he’s going to run, but he just announced he’s doing 'The Apprentice.' " Do you remember that problem?
I didn’t announce it. It was NBC, they so wanted the show to be renewed.
Well, okay. Sure. Okay. Prior to that, I just felt there were so many things going wrong with the country. In particular, because I’m a very natural person when it comes to business, I assume - I mean, I’ve done really well, and I do have an instinct for that - and I felt that we were doing some of the worst trade deals ever. And then you look at what’s going on in Iran with the beginning of negotiations of that disastrous deal. You know, look, it could’ve been a much better deal, Bob. They could’ve walked a couple of times. They could’ve doubled the sanctions for a couple of days and gotten the prisoners out early. They could’ve done so many things. To give the $150 billion back was terrible. So it was a terrible deal. It was a terrible negotiation. It was negotiated by people that are poor negotiators against great negotiators. Persians being great negotiators, okay? It’s one of those things. You might be Persian. But the Iranians, frankly, are great negotiators. The deal was a disaster. But I would see so many things. And it would make me angry.
 I would say in my case, more than anything else, the stupidity of the trade deals that we have with China, with Japan, with Mexico, with other . . .  . Because that’s something that I see. And I didn’t know that it would hit such a chord, because it’s hit a chord with a lot of . . .  .
Well, I would tell my family about it all the time. Don is one of my sons, and doing a really good job. He’s involved very much in this job. . . . Don and my family, I would talk about it a lot. I would say, "I can’t believe they’re doing it." And another thing would happen. I own a big part of the Bank of America building in San Francisco [and]  1290 Avenue of the Americas. I got it from China. Meaning Chinese people had it. It was a big thing. It was a war, it was actually a war.
Oh. Yeah.
I think my wife would much have preferred that I didn’t do it. She’s a very private person. She was a very, very successful - very, very successful model. She made a tremendous amount of money and had great success and dealt at the . . .  .
She was, she said, we have such a great life. "Why do you want to do this?" She was . . .  .
I said, "I sort of have to do it, I think. I really have to do it." Because it’s something I’d be - I could do such a great job. I really wanted to give something back. I don’t want to act overly generous, but I really wanted to give something back.
 Yeah, I had to.
Well, she’s a very private person, and very smart person. I’m sure you’ve seen a couple of interviews that she’s done. She’s very smart. And there’s no games. You know, it’s boom, it’s all business. But a very smart person. And considered one of the great beauties.
 And she said, "Why are we doing the . . .  ." Oh, absolutely. She said, "If you want to do it, then you should do it, but . . .  ." And she actually said something that was very interesting. She’s very observant. And she would go around with me. And look, I’ve been around for a long time at a high level. That’s why you were up in my office in, I guess it was ’89, I can’t believe. So that might help you with your check. Check ’89, ’88. But I’ve been around a long time. She said, "You know if you run, you’ll win." I said, "I don’t know if I’m going to win." She said, "If you run, you’ll win. But if you say you’re going to run, they’re never going to – people are not going to believe it." Because people were let down the first time, I will tell you. They really wanted me to run, and I would’ve beaten Romney. They really - they wanted me to run that time. So for the most part, the polls didn’t include me. And then one poll included me, and I didn’t do that well. I was down at like 3 percent. I said to my wife, "I don’t think I can run. I’m down at 3 percent." Boy, that’s a long way to go up. And she goes, "No, no, no, you’re only at 3 percent because they don’t believe you’re running. If they thought you were going to run . . .  ." I said,"No, no, the poll said I’m going to run." She said, "No, no, they still don’t believe it." It doesn’t matter what the poll says. The poll can say, you are going to run, Donald Trump is going to absolutely run. It was very interesting. Sort of like - I called her my pollster. She said, "No, no, they won’t believe that. I don’t care if they put it in, if they put it at the top of your building, 'I’m going to run.' They’re not going to believe it unless that you go out and announce that you’re going to run." And she said, "I hope you don’t do it, but if you run, you’ll win."
So it was an evolution.
And then the big thing, by the way, the big thing was standing at the top of that escalator, looking down into that room - which was a sea of reporters, of which he was one, but a sea - that was as big as anything we’ve had. And getting up and saying, all right. And I remember. I took a deep breath. I said, "Let’s go," to my wife. And you know, we came down. Pretty famous scene, the escalator scene. Boom. And we started, and we talked illegal immigration, and it became a very big subject, and that’s where we started.
Okay. So first of all, I have to get there. Because I view it as a highly competitive process. I’ve been, it’s very interesting, I’ve done very well up until now. I’ve taken out a lot of people. We had 17 people.
Okay. I think more than anything else, it’s the security of our nation. That’s always going to be – that’s number one, two and three. After that, many things come into focus. It’s health, it’s health care. It’s jobs. It’s the economy. But number one -and I say number one, two, three - is the security of the country. The military, being strong, not letting bad things happen to our country from the outside. And I certainly think that that’s always going to be my number one part of that definition.
Right.
That’s true. That’s true.
Well, I think Lincoln succeeded for numerous reasons. He was a man who was of great intelligence, which most presidents would be. But he was a man of great intelligence, but he was also a man that did something that was a very vital thing to do at that time. Ten years before or 20 years before, what he was doing would never have even been thought possible. So he did something that was a very important thing to do, and especially at that time. And Nixon failed, I think to a certain extent, because of his personality. You know? It was just that personality. Very severe, very exclusive. In other words, people couldn’t come in. And people didn’t like him. I mean, people didn’t like him.
And he broke the law, yeah. Yeah. He broke the law. Whether that’s insecurity . . .  .
Yeah. Whether that’s - right. And he broke the law.
Sure. Sure.
Right.
   Right.
Well, and he was actually talking very much about himself, because ultimately, ultimately, that is what destroyed him. Hate is what destroyed him. And such an interesting figure. I mean, you would know that better than anybody. But such an interesting figure. And such a man of great talent. I mean, Nixon had great potential, great talent. Unfortunately it was a very sad legacy in the end. It turned out to be a very sad legacy. Such an interesting figure to study. I think. . . .
   Yeah.
 Yeah. No, I don’t. I don’t see that. What I do see is - what I am amazed at is, I’m somebody that gets along with people. And sometimes I’ll notice, I’ll be, I have the biggest crowds. Actually we’ve purposefully kept the crowds down this past week. You know, we’ve gone into small venues and we’re turning away thousands and thousands of people, which I hate, but we didn’t want to have the protest. You know, when you have a room of 2,000 people, you can pretty much keep it without the protesters. When you have 21 or 25,000 people coming in, people can start standing up and screaming. What has been amazing to me - I’m a very inclusive person. I actually am somebody that gets along with people. And yet from a political standpoint, although I certainly have a lot of fans - you just said hello to Senator Sessions. Cruz and everybody wanted Senator Sessions as much as they’ve wanted anybody, and he’s a highly respected guy, great guy. And we have some- and he endorsed me. We have some amazing endorsements, some amazing people, but I’m amazed at the level of animosity toward me by some people. I’m amazed.
 I think you may be right. I think you may be right.
Okay.
No, I say in my life I’ve gotten along with people.
This is the first time where I’ve had this.
Well, let me tell you the biggest problem that I have. And I talk about it a lot. I get a very unfair press. I’m somebody that’s a person that understands when I say - when I say, I say what I say. But I really do get a very, very unfair press. And a lot of times I’ll be making a speech, as an example, in front of a - in Orlando, where you have 20, 25,000 people show up in the sun at 3  in the afternoon in an open venue. And I will be saying things, and Bob, it won’t be reported what I say. It will be reported so differently.
  Well, the problem with my view of the . . .  .
 No, you’re right, but if the press would report what I say, I think I would go a long way to doing that. Now, there is a natural bias against me because I’m a businessperson, I’m not in the club. Okay? You understand that. I’m not in the club. I’m not a senator, I’m not a politician. I’m not somebody that’s been in Congress for 25 years, and I know everybody, I’m somebody - I’m very much an outsider. I am also somebody that’s self-funding my campaign, other than small contributions.
 But the press doesn’t like me. For the most part.
 No, I, but I think . . . I do say this: My media coverage is not honest. It really isn’t. And I’m not saying that as a person with some kind of a complex. I’m just saying, I will be saying words that are written totally differently from what I’ve said. And I see it all - in all fairness, the editorial board of The Washington Post. I was killed on that. I left the room, I thought it was fine.
 Well, I think - it’s a great question, and it’s a question I’ve thought about a lot. I mean, I think the first thing I have to do is win. Winning solves a lot of problems. And I have two people left. We started off with 17 people. I have two people left. And one of the problems I have is that when I hit people, I hit them harder maybe than is necessary. And it’s almost impossible to reel them back. . . .  So [a famous athlete] calls me up about a month ago, right after I beat Rubio. And I beat him by 20 points. That was a big beating. Don’t forget, he was the face of the Republican Party. He was the future of the Republican Party. So [he] called me up. And he said, “Hey Donald, could you do us all a favor? We love you. Don’t kill everybody. Because you may need them on the way back.” You know, you may need them when you go to phase 3, or whatever phase you’re looking . . .  .
I just thought it was a great . . .  . You know, especially . . .  .
 It’s true.
 I do. I agree. I agree.
But I think you have to break the egg initially. In other words, I agree with you, but when you’re coming from where I’m coming from - I came from the outside. By the way, I was establishment. I was an establishment guy until I said I’m running. And then when I said I don’t want anyone’s money, that drove everyone . . .  . I mean, outside of the small contributions, you know, the stuff. . . . But - because - and even - the reason for the small - we get lots of little contributions. What does it amount to? Six, 7 million dollars? And we sell paraphernalia, we sell the Trump shirt and the Trump hat, little stuff. But it still amounted to like 6 million dollars, seven. But I’m in for about $35 million. But I don’t want any money. Bob, I have turned down - I would have made - Bush had $148 million. I would’ve had five times that much if I wanted to take it.
 Sometimes you have to break an egg.
Well, if that’s the question, I think I have two more left.
So that’s the question.
 I’m looking to win first. I really believe that once . . .  . My life has been about victories. I’ve won a lot. I win a lot. I win -when I do something, I win. And even in sports, I always won. I was always a good athlete. And I always won. In golf, I’ve won many club championships. Many, many club championships. And I have people that can play golf great, but they can’t win under pressure. So I’ve always won.
   Oh, is that what you’re referring to?
   No, I don’t think he represents Reagan.
Okay. Well, maybe now how he’s selling himself.
Yeah. Well, but I also need the outside people, and I’m definitely now the outsider. Cruz is interesting. We got along very well.
 I would make provocative statements, and he would say, "I agree with Mr. Trump." I mean, he was above all. But I kept saying, "I wonder when he will attack." Because ultimately, assuming . . .  . Because I’ve been at the center of the dais from day one. And even the other day, NBC came out with a poll, I’m at 48 to twenty-something. You know, that’s a national poll. So what happened is he was, could not have been more supportive. And in fact, he made a speech, he was making a big speech in Washington, and he didn’t have that many people going. And he called me and he said, "Would it be possible for you to come?" I made it outside of the capital, right in front of the capital, and I came and a tremendous number of people came and it was very successful. We shook hands and I left and that was that. But I got along with Cruz, Cruz, great. But I always said, Bob, and you were there, I said, at some point, this is going to end. Because people would say, you’re the only two.
Yeah. And at some point the nomination.
I am. Because I understand life. And I understand how life works. I’m the Lone Ranger. And I said the other day - I watched Cruz as he tried to be as politically correct as he could be. And they say, well, will you support? And I watched him during the debate, and he said yes, and Rubio said yes, and everybody said yes. Because that was the thing to do. We have to support the party. But I watched him struggling the other day, struggling so hard, to not use the word “no” when asked about will he support Donald Trump. At the same time, not wanting to - wishing the question wasn’t asked. Because he didn’t want to do anything that would be offensive to the party, let’s say, and to standard politics.
But Bob, what I told him...
What I said is that, I watched that, and I said, look, he doesn’t have to support me. It really doesn’t matter. I don’t want to make his life difficult.
Um . . .  .
   Yeah.
He broke a lot of eggs.
Right.
Totally, totally.
 I don’t think it’s now.
No, because I think I have to win before I can do that. Look, I’ve had...
 No, because you have two people that want to win also, and they’re not going to be changing their ways.
Okay. As you know, certain polls have me beating Hillary Clinton, but I haven’t focused on Hillary Clinton yet. Okay? And I say that all the time. I have not focused on her.  I’ve only focused on the people that are ahead of me, and right now I have two people. I don’t have to think about whether it’s going to be Hillary or somebody else. I’d love your view on what’s going to happen with Hillary from the other standpoint, okay? Because that’s really going to be a very interesting question. And it seems to be heating up, which is almost a little surprising, because it looked to me like she’s being protected. But my family said to me – and Don has said this, and Ivanka, and my wife has said this – "Be more presidential." Because I can be very presidential. I jokingly say, I can be more presidential than any president that this country has ever had except for Abraham Lincoln, because he was [unclear]. Right? You can’t out-top Abraham Lincoln.
Yeah. Yeah, but they said... Yes.
A lot. Record-setting.
I bring...
Yes, yes, but I bring that out in people. I do. I’m not saying that’s an asset or a liability, but I do bring that out.
I bring rage out. I do bring rage out. I always have. I think it was . . .  . I don’t know if that’s an asset or a liability, but whatever it is, I do. I also bring great unity out, ultimately. I’ve had many occasions like this, where people have hated me more than any human being they’ve ever met. And after it’s all over, they end up being my friends. And I see that happening here. But when my wife and Ivanka and the rest of my family, for the most part - Tiffany, my daughter, she’s a very smart young woman, she’s up at University of Pennsylvania doing great - and she said to me the same thing.
Be presidential. Now . . .  .
Well, they really started saying it before the last debate. The last debate. And if you noticed, my attitude was much different in the last debate, okay? But I said, wait a minute. According to every single - you know, Drudge, and all of the polls, they do these online – they have polls for everything. They do debate polls. And you know what I’m talking about.
Hundreds of thousands of people vote. I won every single debate. Every single debate. And I was rough and I was nasty. And I was treated nastily by the other side too. And then Rubio went, you know, Rubio went Don Rickles on me, and all of a sudden he became cute and he started getting extremely nasty. And I had to get even nastier to him. Now, what happened -and then started with the Little Marco. Come on, Little Marco. Little Marco over here said this and that. And he didn’t want to - he didn’t stop that, he didn’t stop that because he was told, oh, he should stop. He stopped that because I was outdoing him. But here’s the thing.
Right, but here’s the thing.
Wait.
Okay, so my family comes up. Don. My daughter Tiffany, who’s a great kid. Ivanka. My wife. And we were together. They said, "Be presidential, Dad, be presidential." Last debate. I said, wait a minute. If I get hit, I’m going to hit back. That’s not going to look very presidential, because I hit back and you hit back. I said, I’m going to give it a shot. And I was actually - you know, the last debate was actually a much different debate . . .  .
In terms of my tone. And I actually got my highest ratings on that debate.
Not yet. Not yet.
   No.
 My - yes, always to fight. My natural inclination is to win. And after I win, I will be so presidential that you won’t even recognize me. You’ll be falling asleep, you’ll be so bored.
I don’t need his support. I don’t believe I need it.
 Well, what I said is, I don’t need his . . .  .
Well Bob . . .  .
Yeah.
I don’t think - I have the people’s support. I have a tremendous group. And by the way, let me just, before we get off that one - because you were saying about Cruz - it wasn’t like he embraced me.
 It wasn’t like he said, oh, I will endorse Donald Trump. He is so wonderful, and if I don’t make it he is somebody that I think would be fantastic. Well, he didn’t exactly say that, Bob. He said . . .  . He was pained having to answer the question.
So it wasn’t like I’m saying, I don’t want his support, as he says great things about me. So I had no guilt whatsoever saying it. I do believe it.
I’ll never have to call him. I may be at a point where I call him, but I never will . . .  .
I would call him to say congratulations on a great job. Because out of 17 people, you beat 16. Okay? Which is pretty good, to put it mildly. You know, we had a lot of talent. When I first ran, and this is where I had some doubts, because what do I know? I didn’t know most of these people. Although I’d been very political. I’d given a lot of money. I gave $350,000 last year to the Republican Governors Association. I was a member of the establishment, if you think about it, and very high standing because of . . .  .
I don’t think I’d say it that way, but I would be able . . .  .
 . . . to get along with some of the people that I was competing against. Now, I will say this: Some of the people that I was competing against, I’m not sure they can ever go back to me. I was very rough on Jeb. I was told when I first started that Jeb was the preemptive favorite. He was going to  . . .  .
   I don’t think - look . . .  .
I think that’s overrated, what you’re saying, about bringing them into the fold. At the same time, I think I would be successful with many of them. I don’t know that I’ll be successful with Jeb Bush.
I think I would . . .  .
 Yeah, I understand.
I think Cruz and I could get along very well. I actually think so. We got along very well for six months.
We got along very well for six months when I was attacking everybody.
Well, we’ll have to see what happens. I don’t think now, Bob, because he wants to win and I want to win. And I guess Kasich wants to win, although Kasich’s only won one out of 28, right? That’s not so good.
Yeah, and got along. And truly disliked each other.
Yeah.
I would never want to say that now. Right now, I just want to win. And I don’t want to say who’s going to be - as an example, people are saying, you should pick so-and-so as vice president. It’s just too early for that. In my opinion, it’s too . . .   .
I do. I do have names.
I’d rather not do it now.
   Very good point.
 The only thing I did with Dr. Carson - because I respect him a lot - but I just talked about his book. Because he wrote things in his book, and all I did was quote from his book. Because, you know, it was tough stuff what he wrote about himself. He wrote about himself. It’s an amazing story. And he . . .  .
 . . . understands that.
Well, the number one role is to be a great president if something should happen. Okay? That’s always got to be the number one role for a vice president. After that, I would say, frankly, somebody that can help you get elected. And then thirdly, somebody that helps you with the Senate and with the House. So it would be a political person. In other words, I don’t need to have another great businessman come in and - I don’t need that. What I do . . .  .
 Somebody that can walk into the Senate and who’s been friendly with these guys for 25 years, and people for 25 years. And can get things done. So I would 95 percent see myself picking a political person as opposed to somebody from the outside.
Yes, I would. . . . Sure. Sure. This would be a vice president - I would like to have somebody. . . . For instance, somebody like Ben Carson. When Ben Carson came to me - not necessarily vice president - but when he came to me, he called, he said, "What you’re doing is amazing. It’s a movement. And you see that." When I announce I’m going to go to Tampa three days before, and we go there three days later, there’s 25,000 people in the stadium that houses the professional sports teams . . .   .
Yeah.
Somebody like Ben Carson, he never once said to me, could I have a position?
 No, no, he doesn’t. But he will be absolutely somebody that I’d love to have involved with us at a high level, at a very high level. Chris Christie. Chris called, he said, I’d love to be involved. And I said, that’s great. I’ve never been a big one for endorsements. Although Tom Brady loves me in New England; I think that’s why I got 50 percent. Okay? Tom Brady loves me. [Laughter] That helped.
Great loyalty, yes. Great discretion, great loyalty.
 Well, it’s . . .  .
 I think they should. You know, when somebody - and I see it all the time. . . .  And I don’t know, there could be some kind of a law that you can’t do this. But when people are chosen by a man to go into government at high levels and then they leave government and they write a book about a man and say a lot of things that were really guarded and personal, I don’t like that. I mean, I’ll be honest. And people would say, oh, that’s terrible, you’re taking away his right to free speech. Well, he’s going in. . . .  I would say . . . I do have nondisclosure deals. That’s why you don’t read that. . . .
 Corey has one, Hope has one. Did you sign one?
Stephen has one.
I know, I forgot, he’s the one I’m most worried about.
I have a very, very, very prominent businessman who’s right now got a person - he’s involved in litigation, terrible litigation with somebody that worked for him in a very close level. And I said why are you . . .  .
   Yeah, totally. I think they’re very airtight. They’re very . . .  .
I think they’re extremely airtight. And anybody that violated it -  let’s put it this way: it’s so airtight that I’ve never had . . . you know, I’ve never had a problem with this sort of thing.
 By the way, this man called me, he said, how is it that you don’t have - as famous as you are? And I sent him a copy of the agreement. He said, this is genius. And he now has people that go to work for him. I don’t like people that take your money and then say bad things about you. Okay? You know, they take your . . .  .
 It’s different, I agree. It’s different.
And I tell you this, I will have to think about it. I will have to think about it. That’s a different thing, that I’m running a private company and I’m paying people lots of money, and then they go out and...
 Sure. Sure. They don’t do a great job, and then you fire them and they end up writing a book about you. So it’s different. But I will say that in the federal government it’s a different thing. So it’s something I would think about. But you know, I do right now - I have thousands and thousands of employees, many thousands, and every one of them has an agreement, has a . . .  I call it a confidentiality . . .  .
 I would say the following: I have seen people make the statement for Senate and for other positions, government - because I’ve been a very political person over the years, I’ve gotten as many zone changes as any human being on earth, probably, including the entire West Side of Manhattan from 77nd Street to 59th Street. A very successful job. I would say that every time I see somebody make that statement and then they’re feeling good and doing a great job, and they run, they lose because of that statement. So I would never want to say that four years . . .  I would never want to limit myself to four years. I think I can do a tremendous job in four years. One of your questions, I noticed, is what would be your first 90 days in terms - and we’ll talk about that next.
But, so I think I can do a terrific job. And I think this: if I’m doing a terrific job, and if I’m feeling well, I would say I would continue to go for the extra four years. Because again, I don’t want to put that burden on myself. If I’m doing a good job, I should be allowed. And I only say that because you know, Bob, I’ve seen so many people say it. Even for local positions. And if they decide to then go, they always lose because they make that statement. So I don’t want to say that. But I think I will be able to do a fantastic job in four years.
Yeah, a bubble.
Well, I think we’re sitting on an economic bubble. A financial bubble. I think if you look at the stock market...
Yeah.
Well first of all, we’re not at five percent unemployment. We’re at a number that’s probably into the twenties if you look at the real number. That was a number that was devised, statistically devised to make politicians - and in particular presidents - look good. And I wouldn’t be getting the kind of massive crowds that I’m getting if the number was a real number. People are extremely unhappy in this country.
 No, no, I’m talking about . . . .
 I’m talking about a bubble where you go into a very massive recession. Hopefully not worse than that, but a very massive recession. Look, we have money that’s so cheap right now. And if I want to borrow money, I can borrow all the money I want. But I’m rich. If a person that wants to put a lot of people to.  . . .   And I don’t need the money. I don’t have to borrow. I don’t even call banks anymore. I use my own money to do things. If I want to borrow money or if another rich person wants to borrow money, you can borrow money at, like, LIBOR plus nothing. And you’re paying one and a half percent interest, it’s crazy, and they’ll give you all you want. If somebody is a great, wonderful person, going to employ lots of people, a really talented businessperson, wants to borrow money but they’re not rich? They have no chance.
Oh, bubbles are scary.
Yeah. That’s true. I think that’s true. I think you had a lot of signs, because you had all those exploding mortgages. I told . . .  .
 . . . people.
Okay, so I made many speeches for different groups on success, where people would pay me a lot of money, I gave it to charity. People would pay me money for speeches on success. So I would do that, before this. And I would tell people, don’t invest that, don’t go – I was pretty good at prognostication, at telling people what to do in terms of. . . . Now, I’d talk about success, but I’d say, this is a bad time to invest. I also said, this is a good time to invest.
Oh, I think it’s a terrible time right now.
Yeah.
Because the dollar is so strong. Our country is in – you know, it’s very interesting. There’s a couple of things good about strong dollars, but there’s some...
 Oh, my stock tip is that the market – I believe we’re sitting on a big bubble. So you take a look at what’s going on. You have - think of it - you have cheap money that nobody can get unless you’re rich. You have the regulators are running the banks. Not the guys that are being paid $50 million a year to run the banks. I mean, when you look at many of your friends that are running banks that are being paid $40 and $50 million, yeah, they’re not running the banks. The regulators are running the banks. You have a situation where you have an inflated stock market. It started to deflate, but then it went back up again. Usually that’s a bad sign. That’s a sign of things to come. And yeah, I think we’re sitting on a very, very big bubble.
 Yeah, I don’t care about the. . . .  I know the Wall Street people. I know the Wall Street people probably better than anybody knows them. You know, the Wall Street . . .  .
 No. No. You know, I don’t need them. No, other candidates need them, by the way. Ted Cruz needs them. Ted Cruz borrowed millions of dollars for his [political-action committees].
And by the way, and didn’t disclose on his personal financials that he was borrowing money from Goldman Sachs and Citibank and didn’t - and paying almost no interest. He had an interest rate that you would’ve been proud to have, and he didn’t disclose it. Which nobody made a big deal out of. You did a little bit. But no I do, I think we’re sitting - it’s precarious times. Part of the reason it’s precarious is because we are being ripped so badly by other countries. We are being ripped so badly by China. It just never ends. Nobody’s ever going to stop it. And the reason they’re not going to stop it is one of two. They’re either living in a world of the make believe, or they’re totally controlled by their lobbyists and their special interests. Meaning people that want it to continue. Because what China, what Mexico, what Japan - I don’t want to name too many countries, because I actually do business in a lot of these countries – but what these countries are doing to us is unbelievable. They are draining our jobs. They are draining our money. They are taking the money out . . . .
I’m pessimistic. Unless changes are made. Changes could be made.
 Yes, I can fix it. I can fix it pretty quickly.
 When I was at your editorial board meeting, I talked about NATO. And I’m not a world expert on NATO. But I have a natural instinct for certain things, okay? Like I said, keep the oil. Well, now ISIS has the oil. I said a lot of things. I said in my book about - written in 2000 - mentioned Bin Laden in a paragraph or two. And that was two years before the World Trade Center came down. And I’m not a politician, I was . . .  .
Okay, well, I say this. Look: We are making, and we have, some of the worst trade deals in the history of trade. We’re now making one, Trans-Pacific Partnership. TPP. A disaster, that deal is a disaster.
Yeah. Oh, I was against NAFTA.
I was against NAFTA. NAFTA’s been a disaster. I mean, frankly, I’m a big Ronald Reagan fan, but I disagreed with him on trade. I thought his trade policies were terrible.
Okay. I would do a number of things. I would, number one, I would start negotiating great trade deals using - I know the best people. You know. . . .
 No, no, it can’t, no, but I would start the negotiation. No, these are complicated transactions. Part of the problem with the TPP is it’s 12 countries. Okay? And you should do individual country deals. It’s 7,000 pages long. And each one of those countries has studied this thing, photographic. We have congressmen, they don’t even read these agreements.
Yeah. It’s a bad deal. It’s a bad deal for our country.
Well, I know, but it’s a bad deal for our country. What I would do – and before I talk about legislation, because I think frankly this is more important – number one, it’s going to be a very big tax cut. Because the middle class has been. . . . And Larry Kudlow and numerous people have liked very much. . . . You know, I put in a plan for tax cuts, and I’ve gotten some very good reviews. I would do a tax cut. You have to do a tax cut. Because we’re the highest-taxed nation in the world. But I would start - because I noticed your question briefly - boom, what would you do in the first 90 days? I would immediately start renegotiating our trade deals with Mexico, China, Japan and all of these countries that are just absolutely destroying us. And they have been for years. It’s an incredible tribute to our country that we can lose billions - hundreds of billions - of dollars consistently, year in and year out - and still even survive. We have rebuilt China. We have rebuilt it. I mean, you look at what’s going on in China. We have rebuilt China single-handedly. Now, they’ve done okay with Europe too, but . . .  .
Renegotiate trade deals and renegotiate military deals.
And by the way, and renegotiate with NATO. And renegotiate with Japan and with...
And I’m negotiating over 100 deals. We’re negotiating 114 deals.
No.
 No. Well, you know, it depends on what your definition of “sue” is. We will be able to make great trade deals. It’ll be good for the counties, it will be good for us.
 It will go. . . . Yeah, I would say within the first year a lot of it will be done.
 But you have to be able to walk. You have to be able to . . .  .
 Go ahead.
Look, we are losing $500 billion a year on trade deficits with China. Okay? We’ve been for a long time, from 200 to 500. We are losing hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars a year on trade. You look at Japan. They send their cars in here by the hundreds of thousands. You go to Los Angeles, you look at those docks, and these cars get driven off those boats at 40 miles an hour. You’ve never seen anything like it. They just come pouring into our country. And yet when - you talk about an imbalance, when it comes to us selling to Japan? They take very little.
Oh, I have great optimism.
 Oh. Oh, okay. With all of that, I’m an optimistic person. You know, “Make America great again.” . . .
 Make America great again. That’s actually a very optimistic - you know, that’s not - some people say, oh, that’s so -because they hate the word “again.” I said, "No, no, you don’t understand. We’re going to make America great again." People view that as very positive. Do you know, workers. . . . . You can have that [unclear] question. I dictated this out pretty much.
 But you know what, we can delay that meeting for 20 minutes. I love this.
 Could you call them up and say could we delay half an hour?
 [unclear] Call them back, tell them we’ll be 45 minutes late, is it okay? Only if it’s okay. If he can’t do it...
Okay. Because I’d like to finish with these guys.
 So just so you understand, mine is a message of great optimism. We can fix it.
No, no. Not everybody thinks that. Some people don’t understand that.
Was she here...
 Yeah. I’ll give her great dignity. Let me hear the question – you may not know the answer.
Was she here legally or illegally?
That means she was here illegally. Okay. So here . . .  .
I understand that.
 I’ll tell you what I’d say to her. Number one, she was probably here illegally. The polls are all showing people - Hispanics - that are here legally like me very much. In Nevada, you saw the poll, I’m leading with the Hispanics. People that vote, people that therefore are here. I’m leading with Hispanics. People that are here illegally maybe feel differently and they do feel differently, but people that are here legally, Hispanics that are here, they don’t want their jobs taken. And they know I’ll bring jobs back from China. I’ll bring jobs back from Japan and from Mexico and from all these countries. You look at what Mexico’s doing, Bob. Mexico is the new China, smaller level. Mexico, what they’re doing to us on trade and at the border is unbelievable. Okay? And I was right. When I got up and made that initial speech in Trump Tower on June 16, and I talked about illegal immigration and the problems, that hit a nerve. You know? Because . . .  .
 I am a person that’s going to bring this country together. I’m a person that’s going to unify the country. President Obama is a divider. He is not a unifier. When he first got elected, I didn’t have great feelings for the fact that he was going to do well. But the one thing I thought, he would be able to unify the country. African American, white, I thought that he would be a unifying factor. He has not been. He’s been a great . . .  .
I know. They feel that now.
Well again, so I asked you the very important question, was she here legally or illegally?
Because if she was here legally, I think you would find that she would like me very much. In Nevada, where you have a huge Hispanic population, when they did the exit polls, I won with the people that are Hispanic in the state of Nevada. But not by a little bit, by a lot. I think that’s a - it’s an important question to ask. I will give people back their dignity because I’m going to bring jobs back. Our jobs are being taken away from us like candy from a baby. Our jobs are being ripped out of our country. Carrier announced - I talked about it the last month, because I thought that was in particular bad. Maybe because I buy a lot of Carrier air conditioners. But . . .  .
That’s right. Totally. I do. I mean, totally. I mean, ultimately we’re all immigrants, okay? I have total empathy. At the same time, we need borders, otherwise we don’t have a country, and we have to be – you have to come into the country legally. And that’s been a big theme of my campaign, and for the most part, I think it’s [unclear].
Yeah. Well.
 No. I’m . . .  .
Well, illegal immigrants, yeah. Just so you understand, I want people to come into this country. I want to make it much easier to come into the country. But they have to come in through a legal process. Were you able to do that, Corey? Huh?
 We have a meeting with - sort of an important meeting.
 Well actually we already met with them. We just . . .  .
   It went great.
 I’d love to keep it going. I actually enjoy this. I’ll probably end up ruing the day. I’ll say, how could they have said that stuff about me? But I do really enjoy this . . .  .
 Here’s what - I think I’ll do really great. With the African Americans. And a lot of people think that. And you know that a lot of people think that. But I think I’m going to do great with the African Americans. I think I’m going to do great with Hispanics. I’m going to bring jobs back to the country. I’m not going to let people take our jobs. I’m not going to let people go - I’m not going to let factories and Nabisco and all of these companies - Ford - we’re going to build here. We’re going to keep the jobs in our country. And we’re going to bring jobs back to our country, Bob. And that’s going to  . . .  .
 Jobs is a very big answer, because that’s going to give . . .  .
That’s right. But dignity. And maybe she’ll have a better job. She’ll have more options.
 Okay.
It’s funny, it’s very interesting. I’m surprised he said that, because I heard him recently say that the biggest problem we have is global warming, which I totally disagree with. Okay?
 Okay.
 It’s very interesting. I have . . .  I absolutely agree. I think the single greatest problem that the world has - we have an ISIS problem, and we have - but the single greatest problem that this world has is a nuclear, the power of nuclear. The tremendous power. You look at Hiroshima and multiply it times a thousand.
Okay.
 Well, if it’s done on equal basis, absolutely.
 But the problem you have now. . . . Done on an equal basis. The problem you have now is you have Pakistan. And you just see what happened in Pakistan. It’s not like, you know, that’s a perfect situation. You have India. You have so many countries now with nuclear already. You have some very bad people trying very hard to get nuclear. So I think that’s something that in an ideal world is wonderful, but I think it’s not going to happen very easily.
I would love to see a nuclear-free world. Will that happen? Chances are extremely small that will happen. Look, Russia right now is spending a tremendous amount of money on re-doing their entire nuclear arsenal.
By the way, I love that. But from a practical standpoint, not going to happen.
   In the Atlantic, okay.
 Well, I think there’s a certain truth to that. I think there’s a certain truth to that. Real power is through respect. Real power is, I don’t even want to use the word, fear. But you know, our military is very sadly depleted. You look at what’s going on with respect to our military and it’s depleted from all of the cuts. Hey, as a real estate person, all the time I’m getting listings of bases, Army bases, Marine bases, naval bases. I keep saying, how many bases do they have? I’m constantly getting, it’s crossing my desk, do we want to buy a base in Virginia? Do we want to buy. . . . And I see it all the time. We have to strengthen our military. It’s so vital to do that. We have to strengthen our military. By the way, we have to take care of our vets. So vital. But we have to strengthen our military. Now, one of the things that The Washington Post treated me very badly on, when I talked to you about NATO, we’re spending too much money, and we’re not getting treated with respect from the 28 countries that we’re dealing with.
No.
 I didn’t say I’d get out of NATO. I say it’s got to be.  . . . First of all, it’s obsolete. Our big threat today is terrorism. Okay? And NATO’s not really set up for terrorism. NATO is set up for the Soviet Union more than anything else. And now you don’t have the Soviet Union.
 No, because we seem to get ripped off by everybody. We seem to always be the one that pays the bill and gets the least. And we’re going to stop doing that.
 Yes, I’m talking about reform.
 I’m talking totally about reform. But you have to be -  in order to get reform, you have to be prepared to walk. Otherwise you can’t get reform. For instance, the Iran deal. Had John Kerry stood up from his chair when they kept saying no, no, no, no - he didn’t get anything. Had he stood up twice - once or twice - from his chair and said, sorry gentlemen, we’re leaving, and increased the sanctions, you would’ve had a whole different Iran deal.
Go ahead.
 Yeah, I don’t want people to be afraid. I want them to respect our country. Right now, they don’t respect our country.
 People have respected me. My life has been a life where I’ve been respected. I want them to respect our country. I want them to respect our leader. But I want them to respect our country. Now, you could use . . .  .
 Through the aura of personality. Through having the goods. You know, so Muhammad Ali is a friend of mine. He’s a good guy. I’ve watched many people over the years. Muhammad Ali would get in the ring and he’d talk and talk and scream and talk about the ugly bear, and this, that - you know. And then he’d win. And respect is about winning. We don’t win anymore. I see it in my - we don’t win anymore. And he’d win. I’ve seen many fighters that were better than Muhammad Ali, in terms of talking. I’ve seen guys that were so beautiful, so flamboyant, they’d get into the ring - and then they’d get knocked out. And guess what? It’s all gone. Let me just say: we don’t win anymore.
 I want Putin to respect our country, okay?
 Well, first of all, it’s sort of interesting. He said very good things about me.
 You saw that. He said, Trump is brilliant and Trump is going to be the new leader and all that. And some of these clowns said, you should repudiate Putin. I said, why would I repudiate him? He’s not going to get anything. Because I’ve been through this stuff before. But he said very positive things about me. And I say to myself - and I say to people - wouldn’t it be nice if we actually could get along with Russia? And if we could get along with these people? China takes advantage of us. Look at what they’re doing in the South China Sea. They’re not supposed to be playing that game. Okay? Look at what they’re doing. That is a lack of respect. When they’re building a massive, like nobody’s ever seen before - they’re building islands in the middle of the South China Sea for a massive military complex. Beyond runways. I mean, this is a complex. So what I’m saying is there’s a tremendous lack of respect for our country. And I think for our leader.
I think he respects strength. Okay? I think Putin respects strength. And I’ve said it before, I think I will get along well with Putin. Now you never know. I don’t say that – only a fool would say, “I will,” but I feel that I will get along well with Putin. I feel that if we can get along with more countries, that’s a positive thing. That’s not a bad thing. Some people - for instance, when Putin came out and he wanted to bomb the hell out of ISIS, we had people standing on the stage, we don’t want that, we want. . . . Let me tell you something. If we have somebody else dropping bombs that cost a half a million dollars a piece on the top - if we have somebody helping us, that’s not so bad. You understand that. That’s not so bad. But I had people that I’m running against saying, like, that was a terrible thing. It’s not a terrible thing. We have a situation in Libya where a friend of mine is just saying, so, we had Gaddafi, he killed the terrorists, he ran his place. Not a good man. Same thing you could say with Iraq, with Saddam Hussein. Saddam Hussein was a plus-10 at killing terrorists, that’s one thing. If our presidents would have gone away and gone to the beach, the Middle East would be a far better place than it is right now. I don’t say it would be run by nice people, but you know, it would be a far better place. The mistakes we’ve made in the Middle East are so astronomical. Now here’s the thing: ISIS is now. . . . A friend of mine who’s very much involved in the energy business, ISIS is controlling the oil now in Libya. How did we let that happen?
 And by the way, that oil? That is a great oil, and it’s a lot of oil. And they’re controlling it.
Right.
 Yeah, but see, that’s not the getting. The getting, for me, is to make our country great again. The getting - that’s just a part of it. The getting the position is not the real getting. For me, the getting is - and that’s when I’ll say, congratulations everyone, my job is finished. We will make our country financially strong again. When you have 19 . . . I had a woman come up to me. A wonderful woman. I said this one or two times in the speech. She said, "Mr. Trump, I love you. You’re so incredible. I’m voting for you 100 percent, but could you stop saying you’re going to make our country rich again?" I said, "I understand what you’re saying – it doesn’t sound nice. But without being rich again, we can’t be great again." I am going to make our country rich again. We are, the thing I didn’t like about The Washington Post, they didn’t put down my real statements as to Japan and everything else. They make it sound like I want Japan to have nuclear weapons. I don’t. And by the way, other people have said this too. I don’t mind taking care of Japan. But they have to help us out more, monetarily. We can’t protect the entire world. You look at our military budget, it’s massive compared to any other country. But what are we doing? We’re taking care of the military needs of all these countries. And these countries are much richer than us. We’re not a rich country. We’re a debtor nation. We’ve got to get rid of - I talked about bubble. We’ve got to get rid of the $19 trillion in debt.
 I think I could do it fairly quickly, because of the fact the numbers . . .  .
 Well, I would say over a period of eight years. And I’ll tell you why.
I don’t think I’ll need to. The power is trade. Our deals are so bad.
No, but I’m renegotiating all of our deals, Bob. The big trade deals that we’re doing so badly on. With China, $505 billion this year in trade. We’re losing with everybody. And a lot of those deals - a lot of people say, how could the politicians be so stupid? It’s not that they’re stupid. It’s that they’re controlled by lobbyists and special interests who want those deals to be made.
 You’re talking now again?
 Let me give you this final answer, and then if you want we can meet again.
 . . . Phase two. We’ll call it – at least treat me fairly in phase one, but phase two.
The coalition building begins - I believe - when it’s decided who wins. Hopefully I’m going to win. The coalition building for me will be when I win. Vince Lombardi, I saw this. He was not a big man. And I was sitting in a place with some very, very tough football players. Big, strong football players. He came in - these are tough cookies - he came in, years ago - and I’ll never forget it, I was a young man. He came in, screaming, into this place. And screaming at one of these guys who was three times bigger than him, literally. And very physical, grabbing him by the shirt. Now, this guy could’ve whisked him away and thrown him out the window in two seconds. This guy - the player - was shaking. A friend of mine. There were four players, and Vince Lombardi walked in. He was angry. And he grabbed - I was a young guy - he grabbed him by the shirt, screaming at him, and the guy was literally. . . . And I said, wow. And I realized the only way Vince Lombardi got away with that was because he won. This was after he had won so much, okay? And when you have these coaches that are just as tough as him but they don’t win, there’s revolutions. Okay? Nobody. . . . But Vince Lombardi was able to win, and he got - I have never seen anything like it. It was such a vivid impression. You had this big powerful guy, and you had Vince Lombardi, and he grabbed him by the shirt and he was screaming at him, he was angry at him.
 No, to do that you have to win.
 Yeah.
 Okay, let me answer this way, because I think it will be a very positive ending. Because I agree with you. Ultimately, I will build a coalition. I think it’s too soon. I really do. I think it’s too soon. Now, I may be wrong. But this isn’t something I needed to do. This is something I want to do. I want to give back, and I’ll do a fantastic job. And I know politicians. I know them all. They’re only talented at one thing: getting elected. Now, you have some that have certain assets, but they’re talented at one thing: getting elected. Raising funds, and getting elected. Okay? And when I first ran, Charles Krauthammer said, and this was before I had run, and he was sitting there - I told you this story. He was sitting on Fox. And he said, this is one of the most talented fields of senators and governors and people running for office in the history of our country, and certainly since World War II. Now this is about two months before I’m announcing. And I’m saying to myself, wow. That’s tough. You know, here’s a guy who must know. It’s tough. They also said I wouldn’t run and I ran. But I said, wow, that’s a big statement. I said, all right, but I’m doing it. Then I decide - top of the escalator - I said to my wife, come on, let’s go. Deep breath, went down, did it. Okay. Now I’ve defeated those people, most of them. I’ve defeated them. And I say, really? Meaning to his statement. Really? Not a lot of talent.
 Media treats me very unfairly, and very inaccurately.
 Well, I think they’re more interested in hits. I did a thing the other day with - on CNN - with Anderson Cooper. I don’t know if you saw the rating. Give him the ratings, if you have it. Do you have the ratings?
 They were through - I just got this. They were through the roof. Here. Mine was through the roof, meaning my hour was through the roof. Now, that’s good and bad. The bad is they want to cover me too much, and they write things that maybe they shouldn’t be writing. But those were phenomenal. Won the evening, beat everybody, et cetera, et cetera. My segment, not the other segments. The other segments did all right, but my segment was one of the highest-rated shows in a long time and beat everybody on cable - beat everybody on television that night. So you’ll take a look. That’s good and it’s bad. The bad is they want to do nothing but cover me. They write stories that are - that don’t even make sense. I’m just saying, I wish I could be covered accurately and fairly by the media.
Well, it could be some laziness. Today they want the clicks. In the old days they wanted the ratings, or they wanted to sell newspapers. Today they see if somebody clicks. So they do a story on me and they get clicks all over the place. They do a story on somebody else, it doesn’t matter. All I can say is this. I wish I could be treated fairly by the media. And if I was treated fairly by the media, I think you would see a very big difference in coalition and coalition building and a lot of things. But with that being said, I’m not ready to do coalition building. But when I do - I tell that Vince Lombardi story - if and when I win, it will be really easy to build up a coalition. One other thing. I told you this. We are getting calls from so many people that you speak to, you speak to, that are saying, oh we don’t like Trump, we’ve got to stop Trump. They’re calling me. They’re talking to you and they’re calling me. Because they think I’m going to win.
 Yeah, but we’re already - look, we already have. . . .  Chris came in, and Carson came in. We already have a lot of people. We are getting calls from people that you’re writing about, or other people are writing about, and I’m telling you, names that you wouldn’t believe. Bob, you - the greatest skeptic probably of all time - even more than you. That’s only because he’s older than you. He’s seen more. People that you wouldn’t even think about would be calling are calling. They want to make a deal. They want to come on board.
I can only say this: my whole life has been about winning. My whole life. I’ve won a lot. And one little example? This building. This was one of the most sought-after buildings in the history of the General Services Administration. Owned by them for many years. The landlord to the United States, right? Every major company - almost everybody - I don’t have to -obviously, look, the best location in Washington. Right between the Capitol and the White House.
 The best location, best building. The walls are four foot thick of solid granite. Amazing how they were able to lift it up. I mean, frankly, amazing. This is before they had cranes as we know them today. Unbelievable place. And it will be one of the great hotels in the world. Everybody wanted it. Every hotel company. Everybody. Pritzker wanted it. Who’s closer to Obama than Pritzker? Hyatt wanted it. They had the Jewish Museum all lined up. They had everything all lined up. . . .  They own Hyatt. Hyatt didn’t get it. The reason I got it was because I have an unbelievable balance sheet - because they wanted to make sure it got done - and because of the fact that I had a great concept.
 But think of it: I got it in the Obama administration.
 And people say to me, Bob, how the hell did you get the most sought - after real estate asset perhaps in the history of the GSA - and you understand what I mean by that.
 You know, they have land in the middle of nowhere, nobody cares about it. They say, how did you get the most sought-after asset perhaps in the history of the GSA?
Well don’t forget, they’ve been concerned about that 10 times during the course of this last . . .  .
 They will be loved. At the right time, they will be loved.
Yeah, I know.
 No, at the right time I want them in.
 I just think it’s early.
 I’d be capable of doing it. I just think it’s . . .  .
 I will.
 And some of the people that are calling me - and maybe I should be calling them - but some of the people that are calling me and calling him, in all fairness, and calling others, too. One called you. But some of these people that are well-known, and people you’ve - that would be very interesting to you. These people want in. And I’m taking them in. They’re going to come in.
Yeah. Because to a certain extent, I should be calling them, they shouldn’t have to be calling me.
You’re right.
And I’m going to be doing that very soon.
 Well, we had a good meeting this morning for foreign policy, you know, and we’ve had some pretty good meetings.
 No, at the right time. You know, it’s an interesting statement that Bob . . .  .
 No?
I should be calling them.
And I will be calling them. As soon as I feel that time is right.
 Sure, sure. I’ve been a very political person all my life.
I’ve been on the other side, but still I’ve been very political . . .  .
 Well, I’ve gotten unbelievable political things done: zoning. This building. Bob, how did I get this building?
 Well first of all, I do call some people that have just lost. Meaning, you know, they supported Rubio, they supported this. And we’ve dealt with. . . . Honestly, a lot of people are calling me, but I should be calling them. And in a pretty near distance, right now, already, I’m going to start calling them. But I love the point you’re making. This is a point that you’re making, but it’s a point I agree with. I should be calling . . .  .
 Yeah. They don’t know how to get in.
 And then they get vicious. At the right point, I’m going to be calling them. One thing I’m going to do . . .  .
 I will be call . . .  that’s a very good case, I better not tell you that. I’ll let you know when I make it. Okay?
 One quick thing I’m going to do, a lot of people are saying, oh, the judges. . . .  To me, the judges - because there’s going to be a lot of them in these next four years. We’ve got one already that was unexpected in Scalia. So the judges are going to be important. You’re going to have either super-liberal judges, or you’re going to have conservative judges. So important. They don’t know me well enough. Well, what kind of judges? I’m going to do something. It was my idea, and I think it was a good idea. And I spoke to Senator Sessions and I spoke to other people, and I’m getting names. The Federalist people. Some very good people. The Heritage Foundation. I’m getting names, and I’m going to submit a list of about 10 names, 10 or 12 names, as judges. I’m going to announce that these are the judges, in no particular order, that I’m going to put up. And I’m going to guarantee it. I’m going to tell people. Because people are worried that, oh, maybe he’ll put the wrong judge in. Like people - my sister is on the court of appeals. Very smart. She’s a very smart, very highly respected person. Very smart.
You know what?
 She’s fantastic. She’s the exact opposite of me. People say, is she really your sister? She’s a brilliant person. Highly respected. When the press calls, I say, listen, they want to do a great story. They actually had a nice story about her in The Washington Post recently. But she doesn’t want to talk to the press, because she feels as a judge she should not be speaking to the press. Something very nice about that. She’s right.
 As a judge. No, but as a judge.
Oh, as a reporter. But there’s something nice about that. She feels . . .  .
 Bob, I’ve been hit very hard.
 It’s possible, but I don’t think so. I’ve been here before.
 Don’t forget, I’ve been hit hard. I went in one of 17 and they hit me harder than anybody. And I hit back very hard. Harder than they hit me. Jeb: low energy. Little Marco. Names that were devastating. I think the low energy Jeb, all of a sudden you see him running down the street to try and show he’s got high energy. And it wasn’t him, and it became worse. I hit back very hard. I am telling you, almost all of these people that you would never think would ever – will want to come on board. But I’ve got to win first. That’s why I told you that Vince Lombardi story. Because I think it’s a great story. Anyway, I have to go. Let’s do it again.
 Just treat me fairly. Treat me fairly. . . .  Actually the truth is these were very interesting. Nobody has asked me these questions.
